Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: blog/2022-10-5-office-hours.mdx

The product page is deployed in the *worker cluster-1* and the book-info details, reviews, service exports, and 
ratings pages are deployed in *worker cluster-2*. The NodePort service is used to expose the product page 
deployed in worker cluster-1. Since the kind.sh script creates a book-info namespace created in each cluster, 

> the http application will be automatically on-boarded onto the Slice once we deploy the yaml file. Once created, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the http application will be automatically onboarded onto the Slice once we deploy the yaml file. Once created, 
```
